This script was initally created for when I was repeatedly having to reinstall various Debian based distros as I was trying to 
get my 2 Nvidia Graphic Cards working.
It was discovered that the issue I was facing was due to my inability to make them work together to display across the
4 screens I was using.
Originally the script was updating my apt sources file, move over my preferred ssh config file, edit my fstab file and to install
the Nvidia drivers needed for my version of hardware.

It was later as I was learning how to use GitHub that I uploaded a sanitized version, primarily removing of the user specific parts
such as updating the fstab and moving of the ssh config, of my script to git hub for learning reasons.

I had interacted with Jeremy Carter during my process of trying to get my hardware working. It was shortly after that struggle
of mine Jeremy had released a script on social media with a little preface about how there were many people did not like
base Debian and made this script for people to use to make all the basic updates.

After that social media post Jeremy penned an article on linuxstans.com that I referenced in my script. It was based on that
article that I made changes to my script. I then reached out to Jeremy via social media for a peer review and some
feedback and recommendations along with some insight into the code he had shared in his article.

Although I took some of the code that was used in the article it helped to expand the understand bash and bash scripting.
I took great steps to ensure that I felt I was not using the exact code he had used in his program that he shared in the
article from his gitlab repo. The program, although it achieves the same outcome, he has in his gitlab is different in code.
Due to this I felt it was right to provide credit in the code base to the article he penned.

Due to the learnings from reading his article and chatting with Jeremy my code began to look similar to his article as I saw
the way he had written parts of it was more efficient then the way I was doing it.

I also chose to do some things differently as not to completely copy his work.